MAGECLOUD-4890  Implement support for backup databases from split connections for `ece-tools` (#6769)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-webint-snap.md

## Dump your database {#db-dump}

You can create a copy of your database using the [`magento/ece-tools`]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/reference/cloud-composer.html#ece-tools) `db-dump` command.

By default, this command creates backups for all database connections that are specified in the environment configuration. For example, if you configured your project to use split databases, the `db-dump` operation creates backups for each of the configured databases.
You can also backup only selected databases by appending the database names to the command, for example:

```bash

> vendor/bin/ece-tools -- main sales

Author: ```suggestion
php vendor/bin/ece-tools -- main sales
```

## Dump your database {#db-dump}

You can create a copy of your database using [`magento/ece-tools`]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/reference/cloud-composer.html#ece-tools).

> By default, the command creates backups using all the connections to the databases that are available through the environment configuration. That is, if split databases are used, by default backup copies will be created for these databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a copy of your database using the [`magento/ece-tools`]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/reference/cloud-composer.html#ece-tools) `db-dump` command.

By default, this command creates backups for all database connections that are specified in the environment configuration. For example, if you configured your project to use split databases, the `db-dump` operation creates backups for each of the configured databases.
```

Reviewer: So you are creating a separate dump file for each database, right?

Author: Yes

 {:.bs-callout-info}

-  We recommend putting the application in maintenance mode before doing a database dump in Production environments.

> -  The command creates an archive in your local project directory called  `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz`.

Reviewer: Is <label> the name of the database that is dumped?

Author: Yes
'main', 'sales' or 'quote'

> -  The command creates an archive in your local project directory called  `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are available in your local project directory.
```

> -  If an error occurs during the dump, the command deletes the dump file to conserve disk space. Review the logs for details (`var/log/cloud.log`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If an error occurs during the dump, the command deletes any dump files to conserve disk space. Review the logs for details (`var/log/cloud.log`).
```

 {:.bs-callout-info}

-  We recommend putting the application in maintenance mode before doing a database dump in Production environments.

> -  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are available in your local project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are available in your remote project directory. 
```

> -  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are available in your local project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  This command creates an archive file for each database backup with the file name pattern `dump-<label><timestamp>.sql.gz` where  _label_ is replaced with the database name.  The archive files are saved to your remote project directory, and the path to each file is listed in the command output.
```
